---
title: Quotes
categories: collections
tags: quotes
permalink: /:categories/quotes
---

I call them quotes, but I'm really just referring to sequences of words that
seemed cool or beautiful to me at some point. They seem cool or beautiful to me,
because at precisely the moment I first think of them, they seize my heart and
mind. It feels similar to a catharsis or realization.

In order to remember and better understand these odd sequences of words, I am
collecting quotes that have the sort of beauty and coolness I described above.
Chances are, I heard some (or most) of the quotes from somewhere that I don't
recall. While I might not be able to properly attribute all the quotes, I would
like to attribute as many as I can.

# Quotes 0-3

> I would rather see one thing a thousand different ways than a thousand
> different things in one way.



> If you're trying to start a discussion over a problem no one is talking about,
> don't start with a solution.

If the problem looks solved, then people may just think, "Oh, the problem is
solved. Guess there is nothing to discuss." Chances are, other people don't have
any opinions on the problem, since it never crossed their minds in the first
place. Asking them for their input on the proposed solution is going to be
difficult naturally.

Unfortunately, for similar reasons, starting with the problem won't be very
effective either. Going another step back, the situation where the problem
appears must be the best place to start. Once the problem has been recognized,
develop multiple potential solutions with the readers or listeners. Don't show
any preference for any particular solution. The audience will decide.

> Stop moving the goal posts.

The life cycle of a goal is normally like so: make the goal, start the goal, do
the goal, complete the goal, and repeat. "Moving the goal posts" is akin to
remaking the goal before completing it. Being stuck on what is essentially the
first step of the cycle certainly doesn't sound fun or productive. Once the goal
is set, don't change it. Only add goals after completing the initial one.
Scoring might take a couple of kicks, but the satisfaction upon scoring is well
worth it.

> Have you tried... trying harder?

When pursuing a difficult goal, people often give up too early. Most of the
times, they give up before they even start. What matters most when they think of
giving up is how much they really care about that goal relative their other
goals. If the goal is still more important than anything else, then trying
harder makes sense. On the other hand, if they rather be pursuing some other
goal, then giving up is perfectly reasonable.

For many, the goals considered in the process are either goals acknowledged as
goals or goals that have already been started. Small transient ideas that come
as randomly as they go should be considered as well.