---
title: Questions
permalink: /:categories/questions
date: 2018-09-13
categories:
  - collections
tags:
  - questions
---

Questions, considerations, and ideas for the future.

## Reasoning

Many questions need to be answered on a daily basis. Having most of them
answered beforehand saves time and needless effort. Some questions appear so
frequently that remembering the answer from last time is trivial. However, not
all questions are like that. There are many questions that appear frequently
enough that answering them from scratch takes a considerable amount of time, but
at the same time, not frequently enough to naturally remember the answers. For
these kinds of questions, documenting the solutions will probably save a lot of
time and needless effort. The frequency of encountering a particular question is
not the only thing that varies.

There are questions whose answers change. As new technologies and processes
become available, a solution that once worked for a question may become obsolete
in comparison to newer solutions. One of the main problems of new solutions is
that their adoption is slow. Given two solutions to the same question, people
will often choose the more familiar one until that one stops working. And it
might not ever stop working. If the solutions were laid side-by-side, the better
one should more immediately stand out. A proper comparison of the two solutions
requires documentation of both.

There are also questions whose meanings change. The meaning of a question
definitely varies from person to person. It also varies from moment to
moment. This kind of variance is troublesome, because a solution that is close
might not be a solution at all. Fortunately, the solution of a question helps
inform the meaning of the question. Knowing more about the meaning of a question
makes the wording of the question easier to adjust, which hopefully brings the
desired solution closer.

## Question Subjects

Questions related to a specific domain or tool.

* [Emacs](./emacs)

## Questions

### Food preservation methods in the home?

I like sour foods. I also like long shelf life. Definitely want to figure out
how to pickle and preserve various ingredients without investing too heavily
into tools.

### Why were tables and chairs created?

Maybe there are better ways to sit for prolonged periods of time. According to
Wikipedia, writing is one of the reasons. Elevating objects is obvious.

### What if individual characters in DOM text nodes can be treated like nodes?

I suppose performance would certainly be a limiting factor, but interactive text
would certainly be interesting.

### What is wrong with the decision making process that preceded zoning?

Zoning as in splitting up land for specific uses such as residential, business,
public, etc. Why can't we handle land use on an individual basis?

### Grammar is a consequence of a mature language.

Does a grammar need a language or does a language need a grammar?

### Subvocalization is amazing.

Voluntary subvisualization would be nice to have too.

### Timers for the blind?

Pretty sure I was looking for special kind of interval timer with metronome like
functionality.

### Every kitchen counter needs a built in hole for trash.

I should be able to simply slide the trash right in.

### Activities where subvocalization is not necessary but we do anyways.

Counting. Reading.

### Reasons someone might be staring at a wall.

I've unintentionally stared at a couple of brick walls before. I was actually
looking at the tiny flora and fauna that reside on the wall. The clover mites
usually get my attention, but the moss is certainly interesting as well.

### What is the resolution of human vision?

### Are boxes and parallelepipeds indistinguishable under 2d projection?

Looking for a semi-formal proof.

### Shoes off or shoes on inside home?

Shoes off. Maybe special rooms where shoes are ok.

### Device that tells you if your toilet has not flushed properly.

I'd rather not waste water.

### Kinds of flushes toilets should have.

Big and small. Save water.

### How long can sea turtles stay under water?

Around 5-40 minutes while foraging and 4-7 hours while resting
([Wikipedia][SeaTurtleUnderWater]).

### Use Super instead of Alt in Xmonad keybindings.

Add `modMask = mod4Mask`.

Sources: [ArchWiki][ArchXmonad]

### Is carpet worth it?

Carpet is an alternative to wood, tiled, and other hard surfaced floors. Unlike
other traditional floors, carpet is soft and textured. There are three reasons
why these properties may be desirable. First, it is easy on the legs. The
softness of the carpet absorbs a good amount of impact when walking.
Additionally, it is not too soft to lose balance. Second, carpet feels
interesting to walk on. Carpets come in many different textures that can be felt
either barefoot or through a pair of thin enough socks. ...

I can argue for carpet all I want, but as soon as I find tackless strips across
my thresholds is the moment I despise carpet. Just give me hard floors and rugs.

[ArchXmonad]: https://wiki.archlinux.org/index.php/Xmonad#Configuration
[SeaTurtleUnderWater]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sea_turtle#Diving_physiology
