---
title: Book List
permalink: /:categories/book-list
date: 2018-09-19
categories:
  - collections
tags:
  - books
  - reading
---

A bunch of books I have already read, am currently reading, or plan to read.

## Present: Currently Reading

*Atomic Habits*
: James Clear

## Future: Plan to Read

*Etymologicon*
: Mark Forsyth

*Horologicon*
: Mark Forsyth

*The 4-Hour Workweek*
: Timothy Ferriss

*The Halo Effect: ... and the Eight Other Business Delusions That Deceive Managers*
: Phil Rosenzweig.

*Innovating for People Handbook of Human-Centered Design Methods*
: LUMA Institute.

## Past: Have Already Read

*Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die*
: Chip Heath, Dan Heath.

*The Art of Seduction*
: Robert Greene.

6/10. Greene observes seduction throughout the ages and pages and brings to
light the key archetypes and tactics involved in it. Personally, I'm not really
a fan of the delivery, but the message definitely has applications in real life
and especially in fiction.

*I am a Strange Loop*
: Douglas Hofstadter.

*How to Win Friends & Influence People*
: Dale Carnegie.

*Gödel, Escher, Bach: an Eternal Golden Braid*
: Douglas Hofstadter.

*The Elements of Eloquence: Secrets of the Perfect Turn of Phrase*
: Mark Forsyth.

*The Fine Art of Small Talk: How to Start a Conversation, Keep It Going, Build Networking Skills - and Leave a Positive Impression!*
: Debra Fine.

*The Comic Toolbox: How to Be Funny Even If You're Not*
: John Vorhaus.

*The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable*
: Nassim Nicholas Taleb.

*They Say I Say: The Moves That Matter in Academic Writing*
: Gerald Graff, Cathy Birkenstein.

*The Last Lecture*
: Randy Pausch, Jeffrey Zaslow.

*Emotional Intelligence: Why It Can Matter More Than IQ*
: Daniel Goleman

*Booklife: Strategies and Survival Tips for the 21st-Century Writer*
: Jeff Vandermeer

*The Upside of Irrationality: The Unexpected Benefits of Defying Logic at Work and at Home*
: Dan Ariely.

*Thinking, Fast and Slow*
: Daniel Kahneman.

## Other Lists

* [/r/cogsci Reading List](https://www.reddit.com/r/cogsci/wiki/readinglist)
